you might be wondering why we're
covering this monitor well lus already
did the 27in 1440p version well that's
because this is the best monitor I'm
telling you it's better this is the aw
3225 qf and it's the 32in 4K version no
this isn't 360 HZ but 4K 240 is amazing
what we might sacrifice in terms of
refresh rate it more than makes up for
it in PPI because while the screen is
bigger we are also going from like 108
109 PPI all the way up to a whopping 140
don't get me wrong it's still not xdr
pro display territory but man I tell you
140 PPI on a 32in screen
16x9 as much as I love Ultra wide maybe
those days are over we've got our
classic Alienware stand here column
insert and screw it down system then
we're going to take everything else out
of the box like our cable cover that
we're probably not going to install
little Alienware box full of what
goodies safety and regulatory
information for those who care about
that and you get an Alienware sticker uh
We've also got our C13 power cable a
display port to USBC cable surprisingly
enough and an HDMI 2.1 Cable ultra highp
speeed click clack and Bo oh it's heavy
me get rid of this box
here careful you might notice that this
is a curved screen which might seem a
little weird at 32 in but I think screen
size like this it's not going to be that
bad uh you're not going to have it
curving like right over here it'll be
kind of like there in your peripheral
vision so it should be okay now as for
the io and navigation we've got a oh
yeah traditional Dell Alienware
navigation nipple and then that's USB
3.2 gen 1 for type B Upstream port and
then USB 3.2 gen 1 type a downstream
ports and then these are both HDMI 2.1
with the left one having Arc and E Arc
support and then our display port is
just DP 1.5 for and then we've also got
a couple quick access usba and USBC
ports here with support for BC 1.2 power
charging on the USBC I can't wait to use
HDMI 2.1 to get 4K 240 htz this thing is
going to look amazing it's the first QD
Leed to do that but we're not going to
take a look at it until after a word
from our sponsor thanks to be quiet for
sponsoring our CES 2024 coverage if
you're shopping for your next PC build
or just new components in general make
sure to check out be quiet they're
premium products include PC cases power
supplies Water and Air Cooling and fans
for desktop PCS with roots in Germany
they've been in the industry for more
than 20 years and specialize in making
highquality parts that are nearly
inaudible this year at CES they're
showcasing their new white PC case as
white fans and even white hard drive
cages step into the world of Silent
Computing with be quiet at the link down
below 240 HZ oh and I forgot this one is
better because it has Dolby Vision on it
the other one does not do that um and
you're definitely going to want to take
advantage of it when you watch HDR
content we did our testing for this
display and I've got to say it is
literally some of the best color
accuracy we've seen in terms of HDR it's
just mind-blowing how good it's getting
it covers 80% of bt2020 which has been
beaten by TVs but that's still
incredible for a display of this size
we've got the monitor tilted a little
bit towards the camera but when I put it
straight on and I sit around where I
would be when I'm gaming from home uh
I've got to say the curve doesn't bother
me at all and I've heard that the 4K
version is not always going to be curved
so if you really don't like this one
maybe just wait a little bit and see
what else comes out wow we've got our
own HDR footage now from the Ari video
check out short circuit uh before we
watch our HDR footage I'm just going to
make sure that this is actually in uh
HDR 1000 mode it's currently just in
standard one minor thing that might
actually be fixed in a firmware update
thanks to the lack of a g-sync ultimate
module is I am having a tough time using
this navigation nipple and menu to turn
the mode to anything else I had to fully
stop HDR in Windows for it to be able to
change for me uh we're going to set it
to Creator dcp3 gamma iOS 2.2
sure and then we should go be able to go
to brightness 15% no no no no no we're
going to crank that to 100% in SDR this
gets up to about 250 nits full screen
which is pretty pretty nice now here we
go display smart HDR Peak 1000 baby
that's what we want it also does true
black 400 but we found it to be super
accurate at Peak 1000 as well so set it
to Creator mode and set it to Peak 1,000
and you are good to go it's going to
look pretty great that being said who
knows maybe we just got lucky with you
know golden golden sample from the
factory I hope not HDR enabled and oh my
God this looks so good let's get I know
it's just Andy but his shirt looks so
black his jacket looks like he's right
there it looks like he's right there
like a window I'm looking through a
window oh man honestly you guys it is
really impressive look at Andrew look at
that highlight on his forehead there and
up in his hair oh that's great then
you've got these super dark low lights
down here I wish we had like a bigger
contrasty scene let's get to one well I
guess his black on his uh jacket is
actually quite black and the best thing
is since it's cutie OLED no matter what
angle they look at it from there's zero
color shift the green and the blue still
looks perfectly green and blue and I
know that they're basically perfectly
green and blue because it's super color
accurate oh any angle and it's just
stunning the red and the gold and
oranges just pop so much more on QD OLED
honestly no matter whether you're going
for an LG display or Samsung I think
that OLED monitors are just kind of the
future at least until we get tiny micro
LED but that has its own set of problems
and frankly who knows when the they'll
actually become affordable we'll get to
the price on this a little later but
spoiler alert it's not as bad as you
might think considering the specs okay
we know the colors look amazing but how
does 4K 240 HZ feel in game oh my God
I'm excited uh I've got to admit I don't
think that you really need 240 HZ as
soon as you're over the like 120 144
barrier it's good enough honestly better
than a lot than what a lot of people
have access to oh my God I love the Nova
it's so fun get out of here bot Pines
it's just you know you move you flick
and your screen is instantly cleared up
now it can be a little clearer I will
admit that's the biggest advantage that
Linus has on the 27in model is that 360
htz uh when you take a motion blur
picture with this thing and with the 360
there's the tiniest bit of blur we'll
look at smooth frog in person in a sec
here but our still image shows that
there's just the tiniest bit of blur
when you do it with the 360 HZ it's it's
like you're looking at at a still image
it's perfect it's basically Flawless the
text is so crisp there's just hardly any
blur at 240 HZ with the almost instant
motion pixel response time of OLED
they're on they're off we've got a 4090
in here and uh we're going to see how
many frames per second we get at 4K
cyberpunk completely maxed out that's
kind of the biggest problem with this
monitor is that well it's amazing 4K 240
HZ feels great whether you're playing
games at that frame rate or not it takes
a lot to drive a panel of this caliber
frankly I don't know if we're going to
get anywhere close we probably won't
like in Counter-Strike sure yeah Esports
you you can do 4K at a high frame rate
and that's fine man this isn't bad we're
doing like 100 110 FPS with like frame
gen on and uh everything cranked with
path tracing some scenes with path
tracing look better than others also I'm
not a big fan of frame gen or dlss I
find find that they make hair especially
even though it's gotten a lot better
hair can just look weird and bad um and
then I find that this building looks a
little grainy and that's probably also
cuz of dlss moving a lot of sharp
objects it has trouble with but like
look at the shadow depth on these uh
palm trees yeah I think dlss and frame
gen just still to this day don't look
quite good enough for me to want to
enable them so that's the other thing is
like yeah this is path tracing and
everything but we have software turned
on that helps keep that frame rate
really high and we're still only hitting
110 uh which isn't even half of what
this display can actually do so let's
turn it off and see what we get this
looks pretty great I am going to turn
back on either frame gen or dlss because
we're down to 20 25 average
FPS it looks amazing like especially
when you pay attention to these signs
and flat images that aren't going to
move too much so you don't notice the
low frame rate as much but uh yeah let's
let's let's turn it up a little bit and
try to give it a hand here path tracing
is just such a beast we'll go down from
rate tracing overdrive to just rate
tracing Ultra okay we'll turn it to
Quality yeah see even that is so much
better now we're up at to 75 FPS average
means we've probably got a minimum of a
1% blow of about 60 which is playable
very playable and it's just stunning
yeah the nice thing about olad is the
blacks just get so Inky and perfect that
when you get to something that's truly
black you don't get a bunch of Black
Crush and it looks super good but then
at the same time because we can do up to
1,000 knits we're also not getting any
clipping basically anywhere actually it
looks great and then when it comes to QD
OLED we've got those essentially perfect
colors like especially Reds because
there's no white subpixel helping boost
the brightness up we're getting like
actually true red and we're getting
actually true blue and True Green and
they just look phenomenal especially
yellows and and and oranges like fire
gold Pops I think this looks really good
to my own eyes but what does the lab Say
it'll do 147% of srgb 99% of P3 and 78%
of BT 2020 which is huge in SDR color
accuracy we measured an average Delta e
of8 with a Max of just two and then in
HDR we measured with luminance eror an
average of 3.8 with a Max of
15.7 that is wildly accurate one thing
to note we found that standard was a
little more inaccurate so we swapped it
to Crater and then set gamma to 2.2 and
that's how it's just perfect almost how
could I forget about brightness SDR we
got 250 CDM squared in a 10% window
which is pretty decent and then an HDR
of course is HDR 1000 so we measured a
whopping 148 CDM squared in a 1% window
which is very impressive uh this thing
will basically do it all it's almost
perfect in just about every way and and
uh I'm probably going to buy one because
you know what it's just that good I
don't know what to tell you it also
still comes because it's still Del
Alienware it's got that 3year OLED
burning warranty so if you are a little
afraid maybe don't be I'm you know a
little over 2 years into owning my other
Alienware and it still has absolutely
nothing I take care of it I you know I
auto hiide taskbar like we've got here I
use a moving desktop background with
wallpaper engine and then I make sure to
put my monitor to sleep when I'm not
using it it's totally fine sometimes I
game with very static elements I play a
lot of DOTA and then sometimes you know
I'll watch movies with the black bars on
the side because it's 16x9 maybe now if
I buy this I don't have to worry about
that anymore with the performance the
color accuracy the pixel density of a
screen this size at a price tag of only
$1.99 it's a man I think it wins even
with the other one being at like $8.99
you save like what 300 bucks I don't
know I think this is the way to go
it's just perfect in basically every way
and it comes out January 11th in North
America a little later the rest of the
world I think February and I can't wait
to get my hands on one thanks for
watching short circuit if you want to
watch another one check out the lonus
video with the 1440p 360 version of this
guy he just can't give up those frame
rates for the higher PPI but I think
he's wrong he's wrong he's wrong